#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.13
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.8.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
beautifulsoup4==4.13.3
    # via google
cachetools==5.5.1
    # via google-auth
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via uvicorn
faiss-cpu==1.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi==0.115.8
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.17.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
fsspec==2025.2.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
google==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.15
    # via google-generativeai
google-api-core[grpc]==2.24.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-python-client==2.160.0
    # via google-generativeai
google-auth==2.38.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-generativeai==0.8.4
    # via -r requirements.in
googleapis-common-protos==1.67.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
googletrans==4.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
grpcio==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.70.0
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
h2==4.2.0
    # via httpx
hpack==4.1.0
    # via h2
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx[http2]==0.28.1
    # via googletrans
huggingface-hub==0.28.1
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
hyperframe==6.1.0
    # via h2
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via torch
joblib==1.4.2
    # via scikit-learn
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
networkx==3.4.2
    # via torch
numpy==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   transformers
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
pillow==11.1.0
    # via sentence-transformers
proto-plus==1.26.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==5.29.3
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-generativeai
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via google-auth
pydantic==2.10.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   google-generativeai
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via pydantic
pyparsing==3.2.1
    # via httplib2
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
regex==2024.11.6
    # via transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   transformers
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
safetensors==0.5.2
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.15.1
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==3.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
starlette==0.45.3
    # via fastapi
sympy==1.13.1
    # via torch
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.21.0
    # via transformers
torch==2.6.0
    # via sentence-transformers
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.48.3
    # via sentence-transformers
typing==3.7.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   fastapi
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   torch
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.34.0
    # via -r requirements.in

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
